Group Meeting Minutes

4/10 Morning

First group meeting – We discussed future meeting times, and the to-dos for each member during this weekend. We settled on 2 short meetings each week, Sunday at 3:45, Wed at 8pm.

4/11 Afternoon

Wes:
1.Presented a basic implementation of DeBERTa on CoLA.
Mark & Yash:
1.Was working on other courses’ assignments.
2.Change goals to “understanding SMART and implement SMART” all three of us together. We will report on Slack on 4/12 morning, sharing any knowledge gained, any questions, etc.


4/12 Evening (random)

Mark:
1.Understood SMART math, found the source code for perturbation
Wes:
1.Created a google doc for members to post questions that they are going to ask Will, TA, or Prof.Bowman
Together:
1.Decided meeting times with TA and Prof.Bowman in the next three days


4/16 Afternoon (After meeting with TA angelica and Professor Bowman in the previous two days)

Mark:
1.Added noise to deberta, going to test it on COLA demo that was presented by Wes on 4/11.
Together: Divide work:
Yash: run the modified deberta on COLA
Wes & Mark: look into SMART and see how to replicate the results


4/16 Evening (office hour with TA Ilia)
1. Ilia helped us figure our the part of SMART code which we need
2. He also pointed us at a way of incorporating the SMART code into our code base, and how to run Jupyter notebook on Greene.
(Was a very helpful office hour)


4/17 Evening (random)
Wes:
1. Wes presented his work on SMART and the bug he was getting.
Yash:
1. Yash reported his progress on implmenting the baseline/simple-noise version
Together:
1. Agreed on several office hours we all are attending in the next few days


